you
hey guys as promised this is the white
version of the blue studio 5.3 so I'll
crack it open and here's the device on
the front here you've got a 5.3 inch
screen for capacitive buttons the United
Stated real home menu back search you
have a physical button down here as well
got a microphone right there for your
voice calls a VGA front-facing camera
speaker grille so you can hear buddy
talking and you got your sensors right
there on the top you've got a 3.5
millimeter headphone jack your charging
port for microUSB and the power button
and over here just but I didn't notice
this button on any other phone that when
I said when I saw this but this is
probably a latke or something like that
but I'll give a review of that and I'll
tell you what it is mark you later but
you got there up and down volume key on
the bottom smooth on this side this is
where this isn't a charging for this is
a charging port this is a dock for a
docking station so I assume later on
they're how some accessories would a
dock on the back you've got speaker
grille the blue logo by megapixel camera
with single LED flash in the box
you've got the 2500 milliamp battery
and you've got the charging brick
headphone and USB cable that is micro
USB so that's a quick unboxing
I'll get this fired up will I'll shoot a
couple reviews out test the camera you
know the video playback this is the
basics that I do with the phone and
we'll get this it this one I'll get a
review up for you of the of the blue
blue studio 5.3 also stay tuned
Arwen check it out I have another iPhone
4 or 4s accessory giveaway check that
video out follow the instructions on now
you can win iPhone 4 or 4s cases and
accessories till then take care
I'll get this going